c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\bin\Debug\Feroxie.exe.config
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\bin\Debug\Feroxie.exe
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\bin\Debug\Feroxie.pdb
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\bin\Debug\Feroxie.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.Form1.resources
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.Resources.resources
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.exe
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.xml
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.pdb
c:\users\jordan\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jordan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.dll
C:\Users\Jordan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\bin\Debug\MaterialSkin.pdb
C:\Users\Jordan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jordan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.History.resources
C:\Users\Jordan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.Find.resources
C:\Users\Jordan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.Settings.resources
C:\Users\Jordan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.About.resources
C:\Users\Jordan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.IssueOpen.resources
C:\Users\Jordan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.Imgur.resources
C:\Users\Jordan\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Feroxie\Feroxie\obj\Debug\Feroxie.ImgurSource.resources
